Wife, take care of a hundred hearts
Sure enough
I was seriously auctioning at the auction house in Jiangcheng
Just lucky enough to pick up a few leaks
What I will testify
Oh yes
Sister-in-law, don't worry.
The money came upright
The first brother said he was lucky
That's modest.
This is definitely ghost eye level
Just two pieces of porcelain
It is actually the original on the Song Dynasty noun
A humble box
There is another signature inside
Okay, stone.
Wife, don't listen to the nonsense of the stone
I was just lucky.
Don't worry either.
I will not indulge in the auction business
What about entering the auction?
Also for my next money-making plan
accumulate funds
The prodigal son will not be exchanged for money
Watching you change your ways now
I just closed my eyes and walked away
Don't worry, I'll leave the child to you.
Wife
Don't be discouraged
I will never let anything happen to you.
You have a good rest first
Dabao
500,000 I already saved it
I want to ask
When will a matching bone marrow be found?
We will do our best
Business news will notify you as soon as possible.
Ok please ok ok
Got it.
It's not dark yet.
We're going upstairs
What to do there to buy a house